was a guy here I woken to a brand new
vest day we've got a brand new
scoreboard featuring one new informs our
from this week's team of the week silver
as well and he's pretty much extinct to
the Mon guy so if gonna want us on fire
red lights be obviously awesome in the
corners play suggest some players are a
budget issues in their score builder and
finally issued by child classes grabber
afford jelly FIFA concerts today we're
going to 3 41 to suppress all
information for me I'm gonna start off
in the back and then go we have got
Anders Lindegaard and he's actually
really freaking in this game he's till
six or four and has some very nice stats
for a number I car just cost around 300
coins as well as he can't go wrong with
that and he'd actually linked some
horror as a quarry one of the best
silver sent backs on this game is quick
he's also very very very strong as some
very nice work great on top of that i
paid 24k but he's a lot less than that
right now I think alorica shows I'll
great card again I think and get around
two thousand coins and its paces
physical and metaphysical is quite poor
base defense always very good and
finally one of the best nurse over
defenders again this time in kazoo me
six or too severe and I said defending a
physical and a piece as well so very
good defense with their the pace that
you do need and midfield Dane consists
of Roman phone is going to be Stefan a
Swiss you player from young boys and
he's actually not too bad energy
contribute anything being gaming's a lot
better thought he would actually
initially play like then we go fry a
very nice or Ryan midfielder again he
doesn't contribute too much but centum
it to me they aren't really ones they're
gonna contrary absolutely everything and
count this guy though look it out for
ratios give me right there 23 games 20
goals and 18 assists from a cam as I was
going to Giovanni Sierra now a things
put in the French league but I mean he's
absolutely but on this game poor pug
worth the upgrade cars to your first
owner of him I never had to country the
one goal and one assist but I really
like him I'm very much looking forward
to as Tina season card which a brewery
will play as a false nine as he's
definitely i got the other starts to do
so let me to work perfect link to him
was it's going to be a Kingsley comon
and I believe I've ever heard of in real
life but again it's a plate loads of
games but it's in to be glitching the
moment I've not actually played that
million also strike for setting the
first in form is going to be M bolo and
bolos an absolute tank e-cigs little H
to payson before shooting centac string
and a 78 physical because only thirty
thousand coins and you can definitely
understand why is extinct he's actually
new inform this week and then we got ya
seen shikari first owner fresh out of
the package or 28 goals
66 in 15 games to the Bothan incredible
partnership you've got Pacey got a skill
and you've got a lot of strength in
there also so this team it was unbeaten
a thing as five or six games I've really
enjoyed playing with it I mean it
destroyed most teams and I'm calling the
strike force and boudic owie if that
makes any sense could buy their two days
Balan see that goes such nice chemistry
between them I mean and she carries got
part it's not just got everything about
him he's got passing as well passing
it's on thing to carry definitely can't
do you but I mean his strength he can
Nick Nick Nick off defenders by tackling
them and it's finishing his perhaps
seconds and now it doesn't see how he's
got great shooting on his card policy in
game he actually kills it same as in
bolo bolo and it seems a lot quickness
Pater to suggest as you can see here
he's actually telling who got a got a
new asshole and actually bangs in with
his weak fur pie mean again if you can
pick up a him bolo go ahead and do it
but I think I don't know if it's any
others you can try there might be
another strikeout League if not use
normal not used as normal but I'm
assuming he'd be nearly as good and I
don't know he might be nowhere near as
good but try them out if can't get hold
that inform actually has to go a disc or
poor pup we weren't a bad one absolutely
bang her from a fair few yards out and
this team dead in January it's so good
from the back forward I mean the defense
like set is so pasty got a quarry cash
only and who's the thought of as Emma I
know all about 74 pace and they did wrap
it in game there's not many strike
because it can get past them and
honestly I said this team been ambien
and looking for a bit of Butler played
by and berated by the way and it's just
so fun to use guys it's not expensive
IRA thinks at you pretty budget i've not
checked the price too much I mean
shikari I think he's about twelve
thousand coins and burrows 30k and the
rest of them are essentially just got
apart from Polk bus so I mean you can
get pretty under 100k is putting my
suggested budget of his team guys so
enjoy this video Smasher like well 1005
you awesome in the coins flow suggest a
budget awesome players i should use
internet score builder and if you are
channel click subscribe 14 deadly fifa
concerts can leave you a few more goals
LG keybo has been there from jakari and
the final girls cannot right now guys
thank gorgeous video and those next time